model query history ga (#7041)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/model-query-history.md

2. Select the environment marked **PROD** and click **Settings**.
3. Click **Edit** and scroll to the **Query History** section to enable the query history toggle. When it’s green and to the right, it's enabled.
4. Click the **Test Permissions** button to validate the deployment credentials permissions are sufficient to support query history.

> 5. dbt Cloud automatically enables query history for brand new environments. If query history fails to retrieve data, dbt Cloud disables it to prevent unintended warehouse costs. You’ll need to manually re-enable it once you resolve the issue.

Author: hey @jzhu13 or @chrismorrisette-dbt -- Roxi mentioned i should double check with you to ensure this is an accurate statement?

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 - currently this is a manual process to re-enable customers, we haven't seen many have this issue.  I would change "You'll need to.." to "Please reach out to support if query history is automatically disabled to have it re-enabled"

> 5. dbt Cloud automatically enables query history for brand new environments. If query history fails to retrieve data, dbt Cloud disables it to prevent unintended warehouse costs. You’ll need to manually re-enable it once you resolve the issue.

Author: ```suggestion
5. dbt Cloud automatically enables query history for brand new environments. If query history fails to retrieve data, dbt Cloud automatically disables it to prevent unintended warehouse costs. If the failure is temporary (like a network timeout), dbt Cloud may retry. If the issue is permanent (like a missing permissions), dbt Cloud disables query history immediately.

To re-enable it, please reach out to [dbt Support](mailto:support@getdbt.com). 
```
